Skyway Access Fight Overhaul (#46)
Schwork-Corruption/corruptovania: CHANGELOG_MP3.md

- Added: Gel Refinery Site: A way of scaling to the item without bombs using Space Jump and Screw Attack from the Refinery Access Door Ledge. 
- Changed: Gel Refinery Site: Getting from the item to Gel Purification Site with just Space Jump Boots has been lowered from Intermediate to Beginner movement.

##### Pirate Homeworld

> - Changed: Skyway Access's fight to open the tunnel has been reworked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: The logic for the fight to open the morph tunnel in Skyway Access has been reworked.
```
